DOC: split usage into usage and developer-guide (#171)
audeering/audbackend: docs/developer-guide.rst

.. set temporal working directory
.. jupyter-execute::
    :hide-code:

    import os
    import audeer

    _cwd_root = os.getcwd()
    _tmp_root = audeer.mkdir(os.path.join('docs', 'tmp-developer-guide'))
    os.chdir(_tmp_root)

.. _developer-guide:

Developer guide
===============

The aim of
:mod:`audbackend`
is to provide an
abstract interface for
any kind of file storage system.
Even those,
that have not been
invented yet :)

This tutorial is divided
into three parts.
Under :ref:`register-a-backend`,

> we show how existing or new backends
> are assigned to names,
> that are used by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we show how a backend class
is assigned to an alias name
that is used to create and access
repositories with
```

:func:`audbackend.create`
and
:func:`audbackend.access`.
In :ref:`develop-new-interface`,

> we show how to create an interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we show how to create a custom interface
```

that manages user content.
Under :ref:`develop-new-backend`,
we take a deep dive
and develop a backend
that stores files into
a SQLite_ database.

.. _register-a-backend:

Register a backend
------------------

Backends are referred to by names.

> The current active names can be listed by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A backend can host
an arbitrary number of repositories.
Repositories created or accessed
in the current session
can be listed with:
```

Reviewer: I am not sure if "session" is the best term here...

Author: Interesting, this fits into our discussion in https://github.com/audeering/audbackend/pull/176#discussion_r1467692547.

`audbackend.available()` is of cause very blind to already existing repositories. E.g. you can get back an empty list, but you might still get an error when ying to create a repo, but then it turns out the repo exists already.
And on the other hand, a repo becomes part of the list returned by `audbackend.available()` after you have accessed it. But then the information you get from `audbackend.available()` is zero.

But yes, for the current behavior of `audbackend.available()` your wording seems to be fine with me.

.. jupyter-execute::

    import audbackend

    list(audbackend.available())

> We can assign a name to a backend
> by registering its backend class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We register a backend class
by assigning an alias to it.
Functions like
:func:`audbackend.create`
and
:func:`audbackend.access`
expect the alias instead
of the class name.
This makes it easier
to read available repositories
from a file.
```

Author: The last sentence I don't get. You mean it is easier to define repositories in config files, correct?

Reviewer: Yes, I think that was actually the motivation why we introduced that whole concept of alias names. In the end, we need to keep track of the repositories we e.g. want to search for databases in case of audb.

Author: I applied your suggested changes, and added `(config)` in front of `file`.
